Sci-Fi Event Ideas

A swirling mass of destructive nanobots orbits a hyperactive blue star.
A crystalline planet orbits a red giant star. It is home to an atomic-age civilization of phytoids, who have already developed combat mecha.
A derelict exploration spaceship orbits a red giant star. Its hull appears to be covered by an alien slime mold.
An exploration robot drifts in empty space. It exists out-of-phase, appearing translucent and insubstantial.
An alien warship suddenly emerges from hyperspace and explodes.
Rylia Rison, a female merchant, master of the Vonga Trader. She is unconscious, and her spacecraft's power core is building towards self-destruction.
The Swallow, a privateer spaceship with an aerodyne hull and aerodynamic wings. It suddenly activates a cloaking shield and vanishes from view.
A swarm of many-eyed space crabs, scavenging the carcass of a colossal space whale.
A black hole suddenly emerges from hyperspace.
A cratered planet orbits a red star. It is home to a theocratic civilization of avians, who are at war with the robots of a prior eon

"A jagged asteroid orbits a red dwarf star, its surface pierced by colossal mining shafts and tunnels.",
"An empty cargo container drifts in empty space.",
"An ancient colony spaceship flies through space. Its colonists serve and worship the vessel's central computer.",
"A living nebula orbits a red dwarf star, hunting for smaller prey.",
"A derelict research spaceship orbits a neutron star. It exists out-of-phase, appearing translucent and insubstantial.",
"A tentacled space whale, fighting a swarm of smaller predators.",
"A couple of saurian hitchhikers drifting in empty space, trying to get to Luthien.",
"A radio transmission from a nearby atomic-age civilization, declaring war against any aliens receiving it.",
"A cloud of nuclear mines from a long-forgotten war orbits a red star.",
"A derelict patrol spaceship orbits a pulsar. Its turrets have been neatly destroyed by some type of laser weapon.",
"An icy asteroid drifts in empty space, its surface pierced by colossal mining shafts and tunnels. It has become a base for fierce space pirates.",
"A derelict passenger liner drifts in empty space. Its hull has been shattered by some unknown force.",
"An immense gravity wave sweeps through space, damaging FTL drives.",
"The Spirit of Groni, a private yacht entirely crewed by felinoids. Two individuals can be seen fighting with swords beneath a glass dome.",
"A female saurian scientist named Q'Glani, master of the research vessel Independent Variable. Her research has convinced her that all the stars are about to collapse.",
"The Oran Heavy, a cargo spaceship with a narrow hull covered with scorch marks. It suddenly activates a cloaking shield and vanishes from view.",
"A lost space station orbits a blue star. It has become infested by alien vermin.",
"A radio transmission from a nearby atomic-age civilization, asking any aliens receiving it to please return their moon.",
"A radio transmission from a nearby atomic-age civilization, asking any aliens receiving it to please return their moon.",
"A robot mercenary named Iron, master of the Halberd of Dara. It is unconscious, and its spacecraft's power core is building towards self-destruction.",
"Losu, a female arachnid mercenary, master of the corvette Hawk. She has been hired to secure an illegal tagiium mine from intruders.",
"Nethua-155, a robot merchant, master of the Dema Heavy. It has gotten stuck with a cargo of unnecessarily complex fruit juice makers, and is eager to sell them.",
"A female humanoid mercenary named Yilour, master of the corvette Kestrel. She has been learning something called \"CB slang\", and is eager to try it out with another spacer.",
"An advanced alien probe orbits a red dwarf star. It is transmitting an indecipherable signal across multiple channels.",
"An alien warship suddenly emerges from hyperspace and explodes.",
"A pulsar suddenly emerges from hyperspace.",
"Lebi, a male phytoid explorer, master of the scout vessel Zhydri Wanderer. He has painted his spacecraft's hull with verdant camouflage.",
"Dora Bakins, a female merchant, master of the free trader Cicada. She is carrying several cases of Bgztlekiee jeweled crabs, and would be happy to trade some of it for an armed escort.",
"An advanced alien probe orbits a frozen planet. It is transmitting an indecipherable signal across multiple channels.",
"A female saurian mercenary named Shykro M'Sara, master of the corvette Triumph. She has been hired to escort a smuggler's spacecraft.",
"Dr'Jota, a female phytoid mercenary, master of the cutter Knight. She has recently upgraded her rapid-fire railgun, and is looking for a fight to test them.",
"A male insectoid scientist named M'Viltra, master of the research vessel Astral Horizon. He has painted his spacecraft's hull with characters from a popular holovid series.",
"A derelict cargo spaceship drifts in empty space. It has become infested by robotic vermin.",
"A female pirate named Tinia Ander, master of the Aegis of Gule. She has stolen an alien device, and it is transforming her spacecraft into a biomechanical horror",
"A derelict private yacht drifts in empty space. A service robot is still active, but its memory core is damaged.",
"A swarm of giant space crabs, fighting over a nuclear mine.",
"A crystalline planet orbits a hyperactive red star. An impossibly deep trench encircles the planet at its equator.",
"A female scientist named Shylley Colee, master of the research vessel Constellation. She is testing a multiphasic graviton scanner, Science Experiment II Note.",
"Crony Mithy, a male merchant, master of the Hornet. His FTL drive has been damaged by a gravitational anomaly, and he requests assistance.",
"Aandrer Hezal, a male scientist, master of the research vessel Blade of Occam. He is testing a subspace tachyon generator, Science Experiment II Note.",
"An ancient alien probe orbits a red star. It does not believe that biological creatures can be sentient.",
"An ancient colony spaceship orbits a neutron star. It has been severely damaged, but several stasis pods are still functional.",
"A cluster of space whale skeletons drift together in empty space.",
"An alien warship orbits a verdant planet, dropping kinetic weapons.",
"Sellie-353, a robot scientist, master of the research vessel Charles Messier. It is testing a scalar field capacitor, Science Experiment II Note.",
"The Pioneer, an exploration spaceship with a salvaged hull reinforced with welded trusses. It suddenly activates a cloaking shield and vanishes from view.",
"A derelict private yacht orbits a volcanic planet. It has become infested by robotic vermin.",
"Monda, a female mammalian scientist, master of the research vessel First Light. She has been learning something called \"twenty questions\", and is eager to try it out with another spacer.",
"A frozen planet orbits a white star. A permanent storm rages over its northern hemisphere, concealing a technological civilization of felinoids.",
"The Destiny of Acquan, a privateer spaceship entirely crewed by cyborgs. It appears to be equipped with an unusually capable sensor suite."